Add link to GlobalID repo in active_job_basics.md [ci-skip] (#40840)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_job_basics.md

### GlobalID

> Active Job supports [GlobalID](https://github.com/rails/globalid#global-id---reference-models-by-uri) for parameters. This makes it possible to pass live

Reviewer: Since that heading (and its URL) might change, what do you think about linking directly to the README?

```suggestion
Active Job supports [GlobalID](https://github.com/rails/globalid/blob/master/README.md) for parameters. This makes it possible to pass live
```
